[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I think one of the keys to
setting goals that are really
going to be incredible for
you is do they excite you.
If you look at them on
that piece of paper,
does it bring you to life?
Does it bring you joy?
Does it make you
have those little mix
of fear and anticipation
where you're like you
can't wait to dive into them.
If not, something's
probably wrong.
So you know, if we're
setting goals out of fear
or a place of pain, that's
not necessarily bad.
We can either change
our lives from a space
of inspiration or desperation.
And so many of us hit a pain
point where we're suffering.
We're depressed.
We have hit this
place in our lives,
whether it's emotionally
in a relationship,
financially in our careers,
where something is not working.
And we find ourselves
feeling like we're beating
our head against a wall.
If you're setting a goal out of
I can't take this pain anymore,
that's not necessarily
bad, because we
have to start where we are.
But when you're
looking at your goals,
if they don't make you
want to jump out of bed,
stay up all night,
just get so fired up
about figuring out how to
bring them into the world,
then I think it's time
for some re-evaluation.
I think there's maybe a
little bit of a distinction
to make here.
Right.
There's things that we
have to do, like pay taxes.
There's parts of our business or
our life that don't necessarily
evoke a ton of joy.
But we can bring joy to them.
And then if we're looking at
something major like where
we want to live, or how we
want to express ourselves
through our business
or career, or what
we want our
relationship to life,
or what we want this body
and our energy to be like,
if the vision that
we set for ourself
isn't lighting us
up on fire, again,
it is time to go back
to the drawing board
and rewrite that story.
Rewrite that vision.
Rewrite those goals so it makes
you want to jump out of bed,
so it makes you say I
cannot wait to tackle this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]